== SVNStat-wrapper

=== For impatient types

  git clone git://github.com/waynegraham/svnstat-wrapper.git
  cd svnstat-wrapper
  rake

== Defining Projects

This is a rake task that allows you to generate statsvn[http://www.statsvn.org/] reports for your projects. To define projects, edit the config/projects.yml file with your project definitions. 

  projects:
	omeka: https://omeka.org/svn/trunk/
	solrmarc: https://solrmarc.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/
	
== Defining SVNStat Options

You can customize the chart options in the generated project reports by editing the config/svnstat.conf file. This is nice as you can replace names with svn usernames, and add in some Twitter information, as well as some branding images for your report.

As a short note, the user.[svnUserId].twitterUserId is a little difficult to find. On the Twitter user's page, find the RSS link on the page (they've moved this since their documentation is a bit outdated). When I looked for it, it was on the right-hand side at the bottom. When you hover over the link, you'll see a link with a number at the end...that's the twitterUserId. 

== Dependencies
I've included the statsvn.jar file from the statsvn[http://www.statsvn.org/] (GNU License) so you do not need to get that.

I did add support for colors in the text output so thereis one gem dependency on ''colorize''. Installation is easy:

  sudo gem install colorize

After you install colorize, you should be ready to roll.

== Running the Software
This is pretty simple, just go in to the svtstats-wrapper directory and run

  rake

By just running rake without any specific tasks, you will build a report for each project listed and a handy (crudely written) page for navigating the different projects.

For a full listing of tasks and what they do:

  rake -T